hey here we have the galaxy s3 vs. the
iphone 4s for this set a bear sees s
voice I'm just going to ask a few simple
stupid questions and see what the
different responses are okay so start
them both up hey Eddie hello hi Richard
v awesome I'm not sure what you mean by
hello ok I'll start with something
simple in what's the weather like today
here's the forecast for today
clouds and song today the current
temperature is 10 degrees ok well they
both agree or not hey okay you did it
how high is Mount Everest I don't know
what you mean by ether haze main ablest
for God's sake 29,000 and 35 feet yeah
there you go at least a grand answer
yeah are you ready what is the tallest
building in the world I didn't catch
that please try again my sources this
might answer your question what is the
tallest building in the world
you
scan through as you can see the both
brilliant States load up no network
operation timed out please try again Leo
key a key wake me up in 30 minutes your
alarm set for 1204 am alright or time
she says 15 minutes grip alright or time
1204 am
I'm not impressed
I'm not impressed with SETI either means
you but alright or time see Cal 440 a.m.
for god's sake cancel b.r.j ok what time
do you want me to search for this alarm
a right to feel your there switch it off
let's try why did the chicken cross the
road search me blister packs out
okay what time for this alarm alarms why
did the chicken cross the road
to get to the other side hmm Nate let's
try this one tell me a joke I can't I
always forget the punchline you have
five appts party for Megan our town and
she knows at 14 tomorrow all day on
Monday for june school oh ffs all day on
Tuesday 5 jun school oh ffs all day on
Wednesday 6 jun yeah mum and dad in
black what's the best smartphone wait
there are other phones there is the
answer to your question yeah brings up a
list at least as opposed to surly that
just tells you that sometimes it says
the one you're holding what's the best
smartphone the one you're holding there
you go hey let's see till I am drunk
Richard the awesome understand I'm not
sure what you mean by IM for good seek
wait one last one call me an ambulance
sorry Richard be all so much for only
line is mrs. in the United States would
you like to call on you using US English
cancel a I didn't catch that please try
again as you can see it's not really
good in there either of them to be
honest maybe when I will try one last
one
find me a good restaurant nearby here's
your message to Richard the awesome
where did i send it no yes when someday
hey I'm sweating this off cuz it's
totally useless as you can see there's a
lot of problems with both of them you
must lock it